You try to run me through Hold on Think again Don't you know What you're
starting But... you sure ain't got a clue How bad This will go Don't you
know Know my art (Art of war) And as you look to the horizon Not a cloud
But then stormy weather's caught you cold Seems like it crept up out of
nowhere All around You it's not quite what you foretold You'll never see
it coming You'll see that my mind is too fast for eyes You're done in By
the time it's hit you, your last surprise You think you got your game
Planned out To a T Yet I'm two Steps ahead yeah So... you step into my
way Stand down It's a trap One more step And you're dead (Yeah you're
dead) Why just a picosecond ago Clear blue skies But now lightning's
struck your last resolve It's not an accident that no one Hears your
cries As your last strength seems to dissolve You'll never see it coming
You'll see that my mind is too fast for eyes You're done in By the time
it's hit you, your last surprise I'm coming For you My game's always so
fast, so fine You're spun in By the net you didn't catch it in time
Better think About your game Are you sure Your next move's the right one
for you? Are you sure You won't get outmaneuvered again And again my
friend? You'll never see it coming You'll see that my mind is too fast
for eyes You're done in By the time it's hit you, your last surprise I'm
coming For you My game's always so fast, so fine You're spun in By the
net you didn't catch it in time
